Briefly discuss what key quality means, and describe one way of writing a
program that checks key quality. Write this as a comment to the submission. Keep
it short - one or two paragraphs should be enough.

Key quality primarily means how long the key is and how sophisticated the method
of key generation is. For the first characteristic - length - keys can easily be
checked for quality here by simply ensuring that the key is long enough so that
brute force attacks - by simply generating and testing all keys - is
computationally infeasible. As computers continue to get faster, the minimum
key length needed to deter brute force attacks continues to increase. In general
a good key length by today's standards is at least 128 bits. For the second
characteristic - sophistication of key generation - this simply means that there
is no detectable pattern in how keys are generated. In essence, each key should
appear to be random so that cryptanalysis may not be used to find some pattern
between keys and then form an attack that exploits that known pattern.
	Given these characteristics about keys and their quality, a program may be
written in the following way. Firstly, the program will check the length of the
check. A good length may be determined by some predetermined value - such as 128
bits - to check against. Secondly, the program could do a rough check that the
keys have no patterns by counting the amounts of 1's and 0's in the keys and
making sure that there is an even split of 1 and 0 bits. Additionally, an
analysis can be done on the probability of a 1 or 0 bit appearing at each
individual location within a key. This would mean tallying the number of 1's and
0's in the first bit of each key, the second bit, the third bit and so on and
making sure that at each index of a key, the likelihood of a 1 or 0 occurring is
also an even split. This is necessary because while a key like 1010101010 has an
equal number of 1's and 0's, if all the keys have that pattern that would not be
good. Of course, one key with 10101010 and one key with 01010101 would easily
bypass this check, but it is a start.
